INSTALL.md, before:

## Installation

If use Cider and Leiningen already, just jump to the section
[Install Oook selector and its dependencies](#install-oook-selector-and-its-dependencies).
Otherwise, follow the steps outlined in the next section,
[Install prerequisites](#install-prerequisites).

### Install prerequisites

#### Install Cider

Start Emacs and run  `M-x package-install <Return> cider <Return>`.

If it complains that `cider` is not available ("[No match]"),
put this in your `~/.emacs` or `~/.emacs.d/init.el`:

```
(require 'package)
(add-to-list 'package-archives
             '("melpa" . "http://melpa.org/packages/") t)
(package-initialize)
```
call  `M-x package-refresh-contents`  and try again.

#### Install Leiningen

To get [Leiningen](https://leiningen.org):
* download the
  [`lein script`](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/technomancy/leiningen/stable/bin/lein)
  (or on Windows
  [`lein.bat`](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/technomancy/leiningen/stable/bin/lein.bat))
* place it on your `$PATH` where your shell can find it (e.g., `~/bin`)
* set it to be executable:
```
  mkdir ~/bin
  cd ~/bin
  wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/technomancy/leiningen/stable/bin/lein
  chmod a+x ~/bin/lein
```

### Install Oook selector and its dependencies

Get Oook selector and put it into a directory, e.g., `~/src/oook-selector`:
```
  cd ~/src
  git clone --recursive https://github.com/xquery-mode/oook-selector.git
```

Put this in your `~/.emacs` or `~/.emacs.d/init.el`:

```
(require 'oook-setup  "~/src/oook-selector/oook-setup")

;; default server configuration
(setq xdmp-servers
  '(:rest-server (:host "localhost" :port "8002" :user "admin" :password "admin")
    :xdbc-server (:host "localhost" :port "8000" :user "admin" :password "admin")))
;; make sure that oook has our current XDBC server configuration
(xdmp-propagate-server-to-oook)
```

Note: `oook-setup` does some initialization in addition to just loading the
  Oook selector. If you want to do this step yourself, and just load the
  bare Oook selector, have a look at `oook-setup.el` to see how the loading
  is done, and replace the `require 'oook-setup` line by something you prefer.

Warning: Oook selector comes with its own versions of [Oook](https://github.com/xquery-mode/Oook),
  [XQuery Mode](https://github.com/xquery-mode/xquery-mode), and
  [Page Break Lines](https://github.com/purcell/page-break-lines)
  as git submodules. Make sure it does not conflict with local files in your
  Emacs configuration. If in doubt, remove any other version.

Commit message:

How to get over that error
I've just spent 2 days to get an answer on how to solve this (rather simple) error.  I guess it'd make sense to add this in the install guide, just in case.

INSTALL.md, after:

## Installation

If use Cider and Leiningen already, just jump to the section
[Install Oook selector and its dependencies](#install-oook-selector-and-its-dependencies).
Otherwise, follow the steps outlined in the next section,
[Install prerequisites](#install-prerequisites).

### Install prerequisites

#### Install Cider

Start Emacs and run  `M-x package-install <Return> cider <Return>`.

If it complains that `cider` is not available ("[No match]"),
put this in your `~/.emacs` or `~/.emacs.d/init.el`:

```
(require 'package)
(add-to-list 'package-archives
             '("melpa" . "http://melpa.org/packages/") t)
(package-initialize)
```
call  `M-x package-refresh-contents`  and try again.

If it complains that a specific version of a package is not found (with a message
like `http://melpa.milkbox.net/packages/clojure-mode-20161221.523.el: Not found`)
then call  `M-x package-refresh-contents`  and try again.

#### Install Leiningen

To get [Leiningen](https://leiningen.org):
* download the
  [`lein script`](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/technomancy/leiningen/stable/bin/lein)
  (or on Windows
  [`lein.bat`](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/technomancy/leiningen/stable/bin/lein.bat))
* place it on your `$PATH` where your shell can find it (e.g., `~/bin`)
* set it to be executable:
```
  mkdir ~/bin
  cd ~/bin
  wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/technomancy/leiningen/stable/bin/lein
  chmod a+x ~/bin/lein
```

### Install Oook selector and its dependencies

Get Oook selector and put it into a directory, e.g., `~/src/oook-selector`:
```
  cd ~/src
  git clone --recursive https://github.com/xquery-mode/oook-selector.git
```

Put this in your `~/.emacs` or `~/.emacs.d/init.el`:

```
(require 'oook-setup  "~/src/oook-selector/oook-setup")

;; default server configuration
(setq xdmp-servers
  '(:rest-server (:host "localhost" :port "8002" :user "admin" :password "admin")
    :xdbc-server (:host "localhost" :port "8000" :user "admin" :password "admin")))
;; make sure that oook has our current XDBC server configuration
(xdmp-propagate-server-to-oook)
```

Note: `oook-setup` does some initialization in addition to just loading the
  Oook selector. If you want to do this step yourself, and just load the
  bare Oook selector, have a look at `oook-setup.el` to see how the loading
  is done, and replace the `require 'oook-setup` line by something you prefer.

Warning: Oook selector comes with its own versions of [Oook](https://github.com/xquery-mode/Oook),
  [XQuery Mode](https://github.com/xquery-mode/xquery-mode), and
  [Page Break Lines](https://github.com/purcell/page-break-lines)
  as git submodules. Make sure it does not conflict with local files in your
  Emacs configuration. If in doubt, remove any other version.
